---
layout: about
title: Home
permalink: /
subtitle: An open-access educational toolkit for teaching data advocacy in higher educational settings.

profile:
  align: right
  image: DA4ALogo.png
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p></p>
    <p></p>
    <p></p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Data Advocacy for All offers a collection of crowdsourced and adaptable resources to enhance student abilities to inquire with data, communicate with data, and deploy data for social advocacy.

Data Advocacy for All has been designed for teachers and students across the disciplines who have no prior data science or computing experience. Centered around three literacy domains and minimal computing practices, this digital repository offers open-access reading resources, ready-made data sets, tutorials, links to open-source tools, and flexible curricular resources such as activities, assignments, and modules.

Data Advocacy for All is a <a href="https://www.cu.edu/oaa/academic-innovation-programs/cu-next-award">CU Next Award Grant project</a> that has been realized by a team of digital rhetoric and digital humanities faculty at CU Boulder and Denver in concert with CU Boulder’s Center for Research Data and Digital Scholarship (CRDDS).
<br>

<center><h2>
LEARN MORE
</h2><br>
<sl-button-group label="Alignment">
  <sl-button href="../about/">About the Project and Curriculum</sl-button>
  <sl-button href="../team/">About the Team Behind the Project</sl-button>
</sl-button-group>
</center>

<br>

# What Will You Find on This Site?

<br>

## Our Mission and Framework

Data Advocacy for All defines data advocacy as a deeply ethical and rhetorical practice of integrated analysis, design, and communication in which insights from a dataset are effectively gleaned and conveyed to raise public awareness and drive social change. In attempt to hone students’ abilities to advocate with data in ethical, critical, and persuasive ways, Data Advocacy for All draws on three frameworks: critical data studies, data science, and rhetorical data studies.

<center>
<sl-button-group label="Alignment">
  <sl-button href="../about/#Framework">Learn More About Our Framework</sl-button>
</sl-button-group></center>

<br>
<br>

## The Literacy Domains

The Data Advocacy for All toolkit is centered around three literacy domains: understanding data, processing data, and persuading with data; each of these three domains includes four subdomains. You can learn more about the three literacy domains of data advocacy on [the overview page](../literacy-domains/)—or you can navigate directly to any domain of interest.

<center>
<sl-button-group label="Alignment">
  <sl-button href="../literacy-domains/">Overview of the Literacy Domains</sl-button>
  <sl-button href="../understanding-data/">Understanding Data</sl-button>
  <sl-button href="../processing-data/">Processing Data</sl-button>
  <sl-button href="../persuading-with-data/">Persuading with Data</sl-button>
</sl-button-group></center>

<br>
<br>

## The Toolkit

The Data Advocacy for All toolkit is a collection of open-access educational resources for teaching data advocacy in higher educational settings. These resources have been crowdsourced and generated by the Data Advocacy for All team in order to enhance student abilities to inquire with data, communicate with data, and deploy data for social advocacy. The toolkit includes open-access reading resources, ready-made data sets, tutorials, links to open-source tools, and flexible curricular resources such as activities, assignments, and modules.

<center>
<sl-button-group label="Alignment">
  <sl-button href="../toolkit/">Visit the Toolkit</sl-button>
</sl-button-group></center>

<br>
<br>
